AUTHOR: Tyler Ziggas
DATE: February 2021
NOTE: The program is specifically looking for the word "datafile" as it touches that file at the beginning of the project and writes random numbers to it when that is passed.

The purpose of this project is to take in a list of randomly generated numbers and add them together using the binary tree algorithm.
This project is testing out usage of shared memory and the creation of child processes.
We are never allowed to have more than 20 child processes in the system at a time and we must log the time, pid, index, and depth to a log file.
This is done through a series of flags, forks/execs, waits, and looping.
The program should also make sure to completely detach all children from shared memory and destroy it if the file ends prematurely.

The type of inputs are as follows
master -h
master [-h] [-s i] [-t time] datafile
-h Describe how the project should be run and then, terminate.
-s x Indicate the number of children allowed to exist in the system at the same time. (Default 20)
-t time The time in seconds after which the process will terminate, even if it has not finished. (Default 100)
datafile Input file containing one integer on each line.

Our suggested implementation steps for this project:

1. Get a Makefile that compiles the two source files.

2. Have your main executable read in the command line arguments and output the values to your screen (and
ensure -h displays useful results). Make sure that the parameters have correct values.

3. Have master allocate shared memory, use it, then deallocate it. Make sure to check all possible error returns.
Read the data into shared memory.

4. Get master to fork and exec one child and have that child attach to shared memory and read the clock. Have
the child output any information it was passed from master and then the value of the clock to test for correct
launch. master should wait for it to terminate and then output the value of the clock at that time.

5. Put in the signal handling to terminate after specified number of seconds. A good idea to test this is to simply
have the child go into an infinite loop so master will not ever terminate normally. Once this is working have
it catch Ctrl-c and free up the shared memory, send a kill signal to the child and then terminate itself.

6. Set up the code to fork multiple child processes until the specific limits. You’ll end up doing this in a nested
loop. The outer loop will handle levels in the tree while the inner loop will take care of the pairs at the level.

7. Make each child process perform its share of the task and update the log file.

8. Ensure that the critical section problem is solved.
